okay
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome to story flicks we will explain
the first part of squid game
squid game is a netflix original series
about people who have all struggled
financially in life they were then
invited to play a mysterious survival
competition with deadly twists how
terrible is this bloody game let's find
out in squid game part one squid game
begins with a man named ji hong whose
life is quite sad after being fired from
his job he now only works odd jobs
jinhoon lives with his mother after
officially divorcing his wife who has
remarried another man and brought their
daughter with them however he still
tries to be a good father to his
daughter and always makes her happy jean
hoon intends to buy an expensive
birthday present for his daughter he
even dared to steal his mother's money
and use it to gamble on the racetrack
luck seems to be on his side he managed
to win the bet and double his money
jihoon then calls his daughter with a
happy face telling her that he will come
with an expensive birthday present
tonight but his excitement doesn't last
long he instead meets the henchmen of
the loan sharks who want to collect his
debt from him jehu rushes to escape as
fast as he can and accidentally bumps
into a woman after a long escape the
debt collectors managed to catch and
corner him he promises to pay off his
debt soon and intends to pay half his
debt using his money he then reached
into his jacket pocket intending to take
the money but how surprised he was
because the money was not there turns
out the woman who had him had stolen all
of his money jin hoon was then beaten
the debt collector gives him another
chance to pay off his debt but he must
sign a letter of agreement which states
that he must be willing to give up his
kidney if he fails to pay off the debt
within the specific time limit genu had
no other choice he then agreed to the
agreement by fingerprinting using blood
flowing from his nose after all the bad
luck that happened to him genome feels
even more guilty for failing to make his
daughter happy on her birthday he
couldn't buy a nice birthday present and
treat her to a good meal jean hoon feels
he has failed to be a good father now he
can only limit his fate with the
possibility of being hated by his
daughter forever and entangled in debt
that he will not be able to pay for the
rest of his life however gene hoon gets
a glimmer of hope when a handsomely
dressed man approaches him while waiting
for a train at the station the man said
he could get a fantastic amount of money
and pay off his debts if he was willing
to join a game the mysterious man then
gave a phone number and asked ginon to
call the number listed there that same
night genuine tries to call the phone
number given by the mysterious man at
the station and decides to join the game
he was waiting for a pickup truck on the
side of the road not long after the car
arrived genu gets into the car and sees
everyone in the passenger seat sleeping
it turned out that they were being
sedated to keep the location of the game
secret not long after jin hoon was then
drugged and all his belongings were also
confiscated jinhu wakes up on a bed in a
large room the other participants then
woke up after hearing the loud sound of
classical music he notices that all the
participants are wearing the same
clothes with different numbers there are
456 participants he was the last
participant to join elsewhere the
organizers of the game were seen wearing
red costumes and masks they observed the
participants from a computer screen led
by a masked person wearing a brown
outfit named frontman jean hoon was
joined by other participants including
sangwo his childhood friend who stumbles
upon a money laundering case a
grandfather named ilnam who is sickly
there's also a foreigner from pakistan
named ali and a gang member named daksu
in addition jihoon meets a woman who
claims to be a single mother named min
yang and a woman from north korea
saibaio who stole his money while
running away from debt collectors
however when ji hoon was venting his
anger at saibo suddenly the door opened
and masked staff wearing red costumes
entered the room one of the staff then
announced that the players would be
participating in six games over the next
six days and the winners of these games
would get a fantastic amount of cash
prizes the staff then asked all
participants who would participate in
the game to sign a letter of agreement
containing three articles first players
must not stop playing second players who
refuse to play will be eliminated third
the game can be stopped if the majority
agrees g-home looked confused before
affixing his signature on the paper but
then he saw the grandfather who seemed
to have made up his mind to follow the
game and he signed the agreement after
confirming their agreement to
participate in the game the participants
were directed to a pink room with unique
decorations they were then asked to
stand facing the wall one by one to be
photographed later these photos will be
displayed on the screen as the game
progresses after finishing the
participants would then ask to climb the
stairs to the first game's location
after arriving the location of the game
the participants were still wondering
where they were then came an
announcement explaining the rules of the
first game the first game is a green
light red light game the rule is that if
the big robot at the end of the field
faces a tree and says the green light
then the players must run until they
reach the finish line at the end of the
field on the other hand if the robot
turns towards them and says red light
all participants must stop and not move
an inch or be eliminated immediately it
looks simple enough but the reality is
far more terrifying because what is
meant by elimination in this game is
that participants who move not according
to the rules will be immediately shot
dead all participants panicked and ran
towards the gate but they were
immediately fired upon from various
directions and the number of players was
reduced very rapidly the game was
finally continued with the remaining
players who were still alive jihoon and
the others struggled to keep up with the
game although all around them the
corpses of the other eliminated
participants were littered the
participants who managed to reach the
finish line before the time ran out were
declared to have passed and were
entitled to participate in the next game
ilnam looks happy that he made it to the
finish line daksu and saibaio also
managed to cross the finish line
followed by
jihoon is still left behind on the
playing field and when there were only
20 seconds left jihoon almost fell when
suddenly the robot said a red light and
started to turn around luckily ali saved
him and they both made it to the finish
line on time the participants who were
still in the arena when the time was up
were immediately eliminated and shot to
death after the first game round was
over the participants were directed back
to the big room of the 456 participants
now only 201 were left seeing the
terrible incident that happened to the
other participants all the players who
were still surviving became panicked and
frightened they then agreed to vote to
stop the game prior to voting the
committee informed that the prize for
the winner who made it to the last round
had already reached more than 25 billion
won and if they decided to quit the game
the participants would not get a penny
the participants looked worried on the
other hand they were very tempted by the
cash prizes in sight but on the other
hand their own lives are at stake voting
is still going on the participants who
still want to play and who insist on
ending the game are the same number
until finally it was ill nam's turn to
be the last to vote the grandfather
turned out to support those who wanted
to stop the game and according to the
rules the game could be stopped if the
majority agreed after the voting was
over all participants were finally sent
back to their respective regions
the next day jihoon reports the cruel
game syndicate and has killed many
people to the police station he
describes the incidents he experienced
from the drug syndicate administered to
how the participants were eliminated by
being shot to death but the police think
that jihoon is just making up stories
annoyed that he was considered a liar he
handed them the card the man gave him
the other day he asks the police to call
the number listed there after the police
called the number it turned out that the
number belonged to an ordinary woman
jihoon was finally expelled from the
police station because all his words
could not be proven after jihoon left a
policeman named joonhol just arrived at
the police station the policeman seemed
interested in the main card that jihoon
brought and asked the man's identity to
the police junhon seems to know
something about the ruthless game
syndicate because his long-lost brother
also has the same ticket as jihoon
junhon assumes that his brother is in
the same location elsewhere jihoon is
very worried when he doesn't find his
mother at home he finally gets the news
that his mother is being treated at the
hospital the doctor who treated his
mother told him that his mother had been
suffering from acute diabetes for a long
time and needed surgery immediately but
her mother decided to go home because
she couldn't afford to pay for the
treatment at the hospital his mother's
words suddenly make him sad and
disappointed in himself jihoon then
tries to borrow money from his ex-wife
to pay for his mother's medical expenses
but when he got there he got insulted
and cursed by his ex-wife's husband the
man kicked him out of his house even
forbidding him to meet his daughter
jihoon is instantly furious and beats
the man but his daughter saw the
incident and jihoon immediately left
finally jihoon realizes that he is on
the brink as the organizers say in the
game he has to face the harsh reality he
is threatened with losing his daughter
and his mother who is now suffering from
a serious illness on top of that he
still has to deal with his debts
jihoon and the other participants also
faced the same harsh reality mirrored
and accumulated debt and trapped in a
situation on the brink
after thinking it over carefully they
finally decided to return to the game
that night they waited at the designated
place and were picked up by car like
when they first joined the game but this
time the participants were more prepared
because they already knew a little bit
about what would happen next on the
other hand june hong secretly tails one
of the cars and sneaks into it he was
desperate to enter the location of the
game to find the whereabouts of his
brother junhon manages to incapacitate a
committee then disguises himself as one
of the organizers in the game wearing a
mask the committee then gathered all the
participants in a room and changed their
clothes unbeknownst to the committee it
turned out that several players have
prepared themselves by smuggling sharp
weapons and small items that might be
used in the game of the previous 201
participants only 187 people decided to
enter the game again and the total prize
money earned was even more increased at
the same time junhon who looks confused
tries to carry out his role as a game
committee after that min young who was
in the toilet was surprised by the
appearance of saibail who intended to
infiltrate the air vent to investigate
what the committee was doing in another
room saibayok who peeked through the air
vent saw the organizers were making a
lot of cotton candy cyborg is still
thinking about what game uses a large
amount of cotton candy but a committee
member suddenly came and cyborg rushed
out of the ventilation hole so she
wouldn't be caught peeking
the next day the participants were
directed to the game arena sang-woo had
time to ask saiba about what she saw in
the other room last night he thought the
game this time was also a childhood game
like the first game cyborg said she saw
the organizers make a large amount of
cotton candy sangwoo's estimate was
right the man then recalled his
childhood game about scrapping the
shapes printed on the cotton candy chips
he then takes the form of a triangle
because it is the easiest shape to scrap
but he doesn't tell his other friends
about it and lets them take a difficult
form jean hoon gets an umbrella shape
and ill-name gets a star shape the
participants have 10 minutes in the game
this time participants who fail to scrap
the pattern from the slabs of cotton
candy will be immediately eliminated by
being shot at by the committee on the
spot suddenly this makes the players
panic in fear they were also very
careful to scrap the shape of the slab
of sugar so that it would not be crushed
and eliminated min young who managed to
smuggle the match secretly heats the tip
of the needle so that the cotton candy
melts quickly so it's easier to scrap
the pattern inside the players who took
on easy shapes such as triangles and
circles managed to scrap it off and
completed the game including sang-woo
saibaio and ali at the same time junho
is suspicious because he looks confused
about carrying out his duties there are
only three minutes left as jihoon and
the others are still trying to scrap the
shape in their slabs of cotton candy as
they get tough shapes
sweat is pouring on jihoon's head
because there was little time left drops
of sweat that fell on his cotton candy
got him a brilliant idea he finally
realized that the pattern was already
printed on the back of the cotton candy
and they just needed to lick it off
jihoon started licking his cotton candy
quickly so he could finish the game on
time ilnam and the other participants
who noticed ji hoon's trick began to
follow what he was doing jihoon and
several other participants managed to
finish the second round of the game and
were entitled to advance to the next
stage
however one participant failed and tried
to fight a committee member by sticking
his needle into the committee's mask the
match even made the other committees
execute players who had not finished the
game so that no more participants took
up the fight the contestant who fought
earlier managed to grab the committee's
rifle then pointed a gun at him he then
told him to take off his mask the
committee then took off his mask and
another committee executed the player
but then frontman entered the game arena
and immediately shot the committee who
took off his mask apparently the
organizers also have to follow the same
rules of the game organizers which
prohibit them from taking off their
masks or revealing their identities in
the game arena the organizers are only
allowed to take off their masks in their
respective rooms because confidentiality
is highly respected in this game
the squid game part 1 ends
there's still a big question about the
mastermind behind this cruel game and
what happens to jihoon and the others in
the next round of course the most
curious thing is who will win the game
and manage to get billions of won in
prize money
[Music]
you